there's a practical jokes ah don't
have money for books we got me for this
weird angle all you gotta do is put in
your order and it does rest coffee
you're gonna crop that coffee machine oh
I know a rough school but this is the
worst I've ever seen the Franks nothing
weird about the field he's giving on a
giant dick man
you brought us control think this is
funny let me see TV with your goddamn
kaput a telephone and weirdo and these
kids grow up and then one damn it's just
like scams or 18 you can him
on the school all day oh don't nobody do
nothing imma show you what fun I can't
wait to you up
I'm sorry what we're gonna handle our
differences like real meaning what
differences you got a job and not don't
that's the fun dip you challenging mr.
Campbell to a fistfight I'll see you at
3 o'clock
here's a nice guy and then people are
like hey I'm gonna stop on that guy
little girl is going not all the sets
out of you
[Music]
snitches get stitches just arrest a guy
go to respond
the police did they got it all
hopped up on homemade masks about the
best bet well I'm sorry how do you know
how do I know what leave the guidance
counselor don't do math period when I'm
not here you don't do it if I needed the
most
I'm done with this me
Campbell's got a book write back get in
a fistfight
[Music]
you sons of
fishes getting balling I look
like a million
you